room for us to play chaplain past three
or four and it's moderate Oliver the
Chancellor with the opening goal so
maybe ask them have got the x-factor
they've certainly got the opening goal
numbers forward and Nacho Monreal got to
Assam Bengal side in front in the FA Cup
quarter-final
well the to open Manchester United it's
a couple of times now especially on this
left for Arsenal where there's been too
much space but oxlade-chamberlain
footwork in the middle of the part was
absolutely fantastic
it all starts on this left hand side and
so they'll get three
I think maybe the chance is wasted but
this foot works absolutely fantastic
really does open up mantis unite it it's
clearly onside what a compose finish as
well from one way out
just Lawson would want now with that
lead fantastic goal
he didn't get on the pitch for the final
whole city just have state to claim for
a place at Wembley in the semi-final
his cheeks hip delight awesome beggars
Valencia to drive forward
leemarie whitson in and Wayne Rooney has
done it again
what are those expense
brilliant crafts emphatic header
one one at Old Trafford
what a response from Manchester United
you talked about a bit of magic and they
got it from the right hand side do Maria
once he gets it out bees feet he really
does fizz this crossing go Shelly just
lets rhudi run off the back of him
there's nothing stopping that cross it's
absolutely inch-perfect with pace and
all Rooney has to do is then just steer
it past the goalkeeper fantastic
response to Manchester United
well Wade really first scored against
Aston when he was 16 years young for
Everton and he's been
leaving after keeper since David Seaman
it was that
yoga or now the hair left short is a
note to go for Danny Welbeck
it comes back to Old Trafford and puts
austell in front
gates Manchester United
for the second time tonight
the one they'll talk about Welbeck's
return
with clothes sitting there chaos and
beggars side secure this position this
time around
just talking about how secure and solid
a simple one ball
Valencia with such a poor back
the higher commits himself it is the
easiest of tappings for well birth
against his old club
inexplicable mistake
Valencia gives Arsenal another vital
goal
quick thinking from Welbeck as well nips
around the keeper and the simple finish
Lu even how he said we don't need well
back he doesn't score enough goals is on
the receiving end of a danny welbeck
gold